# Wessons
Wessons was designed based on the current problems that have been generated by the
pandemic in the framework of education; Wessons is an application that offers teachers and
students the possibility of continuing their interaction virtually. What is special about Wessons
is that it has artificial intelligence (provided by IBM) which operates in two different ways: 

* The first is a virtual assistant that will guide our users in the access and will assist them when
questions or primary queries arise.
* The second is a virtual assistant which operates in the framework of the pandemic caused by the covid 19. 

This virtual assistant has the ability to provide us information about the
coronavirus, as well as to do a quick checkup. As we all know the problem for the covid 19 is
wreaking havoc since real statistics are never obtained, for this wessons in the near future will
have some bracelets required for the login of each student or teacher, these bracelets will
contain a temperature sensor inside which Using Iot technology will send the current
temperature of each user to the platform, making it easier to detect infected or symptomatic
students or teachers.
We seek the development of a platform with these characteristics since our group is made up
of students and teachers who noticed the disorganization of the existing platforms, so we saw
it necessary to encompass the functions of evaluating, assigning tasks, offering virtual classes
in the form of a meeting , be able to access a bibliography, have a chat between students and
teachers, among others.
The covid 19 presented us with problems that we did not consider, including access to the
internet or even the means of access since not everyone has a computer, tablet and / or cell
phone. For this reason, wessons will adapt to any of these devices to reach more users.
Wessons has three types of access:
a) As an institute: It will only be necessary to access in this way in a first stage to register or
create an institution which could assign students and teachers. For security we will verify the
institution id.
b) Teacher: The teacher has to register with their emails (Previously the institute must have
included it), having access to a calendar to see their upcoming activities as well as each
subject. They can also interact with students and access their grades.
C) Student: The student must simply register them whit their emails ( at all times they will be
assisted by the AI) and they will immediately be able to access their different subjects, chats,
etc.
We consider that in addition to physical health, the framework of the pandemic affects
students and teachers in a psychological way, so our AI has the ability to recognize emotions
based on the responses provided, this allows us to address the remaining fields and assist in
this way to those who need it.
Wessons prioritizes the health and education of our users, which is why we cover all fields.
